OK so now that we've seen a bunch of these ISIS animation properties I'm going to show you a shorthand
that will allow you to combine them into a single line if you want to just like we did the transitions
we had the separate properties you could combine them into one line if you preferred to do it that way.
It doesn't really give you any advantage or it doesn't have any functional difference except that it
can shorten up your code.
Now my personal opinion with keyframe animation is that if you're setting every property like this line
does here I kind of find this hard to read difficult if you had a bunch of these on your page or in
your C Ss.
It's not my preferred way of doing it.
But if you're only setting a couple of things like this.
This I think this is perfectly acceptable.
That's just an opinion though.
The other thing I should point out is that the order kind of matters but it also kind of doesn't.
So what I mean by that is that you have flexibility in what you put first as you can see in this case
the name of the animation slide in comes at the end.
But in this case change color comes first or jiggle comes first.
So you have flexibility around things like that but there are rules.
And if we go to the documentation I actually show you if we scroll down there is this line the order
is important within each animation definition.
The first value that can be parsed as a time is assigned to the animation duration and the second one
is assigned to animation delay.
So the first one has to be animation duration.
The first time that is.
And the second time is animation delay.
So that doesn't mean that you have to put those at the very beginning.
It just means that the first thing that it encounters that is it time will be the duration.
And the second one will be the delay.
And then there's a second note the animation order or the order is important within each animation for
distinguishing animation name from other keywords.
So if we take this example here it will parse this first.
That's the animation name.
Then it encounters a time remember the first time it is assigned to animation duration.
Then there's a second time that's assigned to animation delay.
But in this case there's only one time.
And so it gets assigned to animation duration.
OK so let's try to.
Here I have a simple box moving from left to right.
The animation is very basic translating x 500 pixels.
So what I have is animation name animation iteration count animation delay animation duration.
So let's try and combine them all.
I mean to comment them all out and rewrite it.
But I'm going to do animation.
Do slide right.
That's the name the duration.
We can do two seconds then we have a couple of options.
So on its own it's already working.
But if we wanted to we could specify I want that to be is in and it could save and you can see now it's
easing in.
Hopefully you can detect that.
Starts off slow so we could also add an interation count of infinite and save perfect.
What about a delay.
Well let's do a two second delay so as I save it will stop for two seconds.
And now it precedes.
Finally we could do something like direction and make that reverse.
And there you go.
So we have that delay at the beginning.
Let me save or edit this so that it restarts.
So it starts to the left for two seconds and then moves from the right because it's going in reverse.
So hopefully you can see that the order doesn't really matter so I can do the same thing I'll comment
this one out.
I will do exactly the same but I could do four seconds slide right and just leave it at that.
It will take four seconds to slide right.
And in this case I put the name at the end and it put the duration first.
And if I wanted a delay I could either put the animation delay here like one second and we'll pause
for one second and then start moving.
Or I could put it afterwards.
So there's a lot of flexibility with it really.
The main rule to keep in mind is that the first time that is parsed is the duration.
The second time wherever they are is going to be that delay.
And then you know make sure your animation names aren't conflicting with any of these possible values.
They don't name your animation infinite for example and you'll get to go OK.
So that's all there is to the shorthand.
The next thing we'll do is actually build a little loader CSSA animated boder using this shorthand.